Registration deadline for Red30 Tech Conference is July 1, 2024
Admission price: $250
Early price: $200 – sign up before April 1st

We will provide healthy and hearty lunch options & snacks, including vegan varieties. Please get in touch at conf@red30tech.com if we need to be aware of any food allergies.

Nearby hotels: Pixel Palace, Code & Comfort, Digital Loft

Welcome ceremony and Keynote – We are All Makers: 8:30-9am | Event Center
Speaker: Jenny Torres
There is a maker inside of each of us, it's just that some get out more often than others. From innovating a way to make a job easier, to renovating a tired chest of drawers into a piece of statement home decor, bits of maker make it into our days on a regular basis. Here’s how to embrace and encourage that maker in everyone around us.

3D Printing for the Non-Tech Minded: 9-10am | Room 101
Speaker: Jeffery Lowe & Marysa Balma
This is 3D Printing 101 for those in the makerspace that don't consider themselves technically astute.

3D Printing with Clay: 9-10am | Room 201
Speaker: Julie Parker
Clay has historically been a hands-on medium for over 20,000 years, both to create practical items for day-to-day living, and art for day-to-day beauty. Now with the advent of commercially available 3D clay printers, artists and engineers alike are creating inspirational pieces that were previously unimaginable.

Art in the Age of Automation: 10-11am | Room 103
Speaker: Jamill Waters & Jess Abbott
There are some people who don't believe that art can be "art" if it is made by a machine. The most intriguing and sometimes surprising beautiful art is made by non-sentient robots, based on data and interpretations of that data. So what are artists afraid of?

Virtual and Augmented Reality: 10-11am | Room 104
Speaker: Grant Jacobson
Imagine if your company is moving you to a state too far away to spend time looking for a new place to live. Wouldn't it be nice to be able to meet an agent, walk through a house, open doors, go up steps, and check out the neighborhood from the comfort of your couch? Check out the latest innovations in augmented reality in the real estate market, and discuss its economic benefits.

Managing Virtual Teams: 11am-12pm | Room 101
Speaker: Ashley Hackett & Devon Harris
How do you keep your team invested in projects if they are all or partly remote? What are your biggest challenges and the best tools to meet those challenges? Join these managers in a roundtable discussion as they share the tools and methodologies that work for them.

Virtual Reality for Remote Learning: 11am-12pm | Grand View Hall
Speaker: Hilary Brooks
The potential for VR in education has great potential to expand beyond limits of typical online learning. See what developers are creating to enhance the learning experience of students from kindergarteners to emergency medical training.

Security in the Age of AI: 1-2pm | Room 103
Speaker: Daniel Rohan
With security crises gaining in prevalence, it's more important than ever for us to make sure that our AI can't be hacked. How can we avoid all the data noise out there?

Diversity in the Maker Community: 1-2pm | Room 200
Speaker: Eve Berge
Is the maker community really the great open-source democracy that it set out to be? Studies show that women, people with disabilities, people from households that make less than $125,000, and people of color are still largely under-represented in the maker community. How do we truly open our doors to a broader population?

AI and Education—Developing a Data Strategy: 2-3pm | Room 102
Speaker: Jennifer Miller, Peter Wang & Justine Evans
According to research, the majority of higher education educators agree that AI will be a key part of their educational toolbox moving forward. The same research shows that nearly all of these educators have absolutely no clue how to build AI into their programs. This session gives practical suggestions for getting started on an AI data strategy.

The Art of Sound: 3-4pm | Central Ballroom
Speaker: Beverley Armstrong
While composed music has long been considered an art, sound is still considered more of a technical skill than an art. As a broadcast engineer, Beverley has been an advocate for sound to be treated as an art, with the BE conducting the blend of voice, music, background noise, and sound effects to create content that greatly enhances the visual aspects of a broadcast.

This is your Brain on VR: 4-5pm | Room 200
Speaker: Teena Judkins
Medical uses for VR are on the rise. Using virtual reality, medical professionals are helping stroke victims regain mobility, treating people with PTSD and schizophrenia, and sleep disorders. We discuss the neurophysics of manipulating reality to help with various health issues, and why it works. Plus how the entertainment industry is helping the medical industry in its studies.

Closing Ceremony: 5-6pm | Event Center
Speaker: Jenny Torres
Final thoughts from the Red30 Tech Makers Conference team.

Speaker Bios
Jenny Torres: Jenny Torres likes to tell others that there is literally a maker or two inside of her since she has spent most of her life morbidly obese due to a rare medical condition. She credits the maker community with giving her the confidence and courage to create. 

Jeffery Lowe: What's the most common questions Jeffery Lowe gets at work? If you guess "How in the world does this 3D printer work?" and "What do you do with it?," you're right. 

Marysa Balma: Marysa Balma founded Balma Innovations in 2012. She has developed systems for adults that allow them to learn about design at their own pace, including designing with 3D printer technology.

Julie Parker: "Clay" is Julie Parker's middle name. Having minored in sculpture at Roux Academy, she's now studying how 3D clay printers can bring to life projects that might not otherwise be creatable by hand. 

Jamill Waters: Jamill Waters has been both a real artist and a fake one. Both make him happy.

Grant Jacobson: Grant Jacobson has been creating virtual walkthroughs for real estate clients for years, so it only makes sense for him to become an augmented reality go-to creative. About 40 percent of his clients use Grant's proprietary augmented reality services.

Teena Judkins: Teena Judkins takes playing very seriously. In addition to her extensive background in 2D and 3D art, she is one of the foremost experts in augmented reality in gaming.